It defaults to paper mode so it's safe
to observe the heli.
What the hell is paper mode? Nah, take
that out. Take that functionality out of
here. I'm not using paper mode. Paper
mode is an $11 size.
Just remove that whole functionality out
of my GitHub. Don't even put it in my
GitHub.
Don't even put it in my GitHub.
If you're in my GitHub, you can put $11
down on size and see real slippage, real
fees. And don't come here. Don't come
here until you're confident. Let's get
up in the back test, though. Let's get
up in the back test. Let's go ahead and
run a few of these just uh see if we
find any winners cuz I'm still working
through them. Cooking. So, she's back
testing for me across 18 different data
sets. The process I follow is research,
back test, imple incubate. Research,
back test, incubate.
This one doesn't look too hot, so I'm
just going to delete it. It's a numbers
game for sure. Run back test.